Here is the original source code for the Macintosh computer game "Continuum".  We hereby release it into the public domain, so that anyone may do what they want with it.  We hope that by doing so, more people will be able to get enjoyment from the game.

We have had a great time with Continuum.  We had a great time writing it and learned a great deal.  After releasing it, we met many interesting people, made some very good friends, and actually got a decent amount of "beerware" payment over the years.  We thank everyone who sent us support, interesting cards, beers from around the world, sake, or even just "thanks".  Your feedback made it worthwhile.

Interest in Continuum has continued over the years, with people contacting us occasionally to ask for updated versions or just to pay us beerware now that they're old enough to do so legally.  Unfortunately, our ability to support the game has not continued.  We have moved on to other things in life, and we don't have the time, dedication, or desire to spend the time needed to keep Continuum running on current Macintoshes, port it to other computers, or any of the other things people have suggested over the years.

For these reasons, we are releasing the source code to Continuum into the public domain.  We hope that others might be able to support and/or port Continuum where we cannot.  We learned a lot from the source code of other computer games in our time, and we hope that others can learn from our code.  And maybe some interesting changes can be made to make the game even better.

We don't claim that the source code is an example of good programming or well documented.  It also uses a number of hacks that were necessary for the performance we were demanding from the computers of the time.  For example, it has significant portions of 68000 Assembly code, direct writing to sound buffers, use of integers as fixed-point numbers instead of floating point, and double-buffering.  A more modern version would be far simpler.  However, it does demonstrate a number of basic ideas that are important for implementing games of this style, and we think it was fun.

You have permission to do what you want with Continuum.  However, we have some requests.  We ask that you do not publish a game called just "Continuum".  If you produce a game that is similar or even identical to Continuum, then please keep "Continuum" in the name, but add to it, perhaps "Continuum 2" or "Extreme Continuum" or whatever you like.  If the game is hard to recognize as related to Continuum, then name it whatever you like.  If you use any of our source code, then acknowledge us somewhere in the game.  And finally, if you publish a game as "beerware", we would appreciate receiving one from every six-pack you receive.

Thanks and enjoy!

Randy Wilson
Brian Wilson
